after 17 years underground creatures are
stirring the nymphs of the periodical
cicada
have been biding their time now they
march like zombies towards the nearest
tree and start the climb
at first there are merely thousands but
soon more than a billion swarm all over
the forest the biggest insect emergence
on the planet is underway
[Music]
they invade the upper branches where
they climb out of their external
skeletons and assume their adult wing
[Music]
at first they're white and soft but they
have until dawn to complete their
transformation after an absence of 17
years the Polish is now overrun by
cicadas the adults are clumsy and very
edible
[Music]
for turtles and other inhabitants of the
forest this is a feast they're lucky to
see once in their lifetime and they
gorge themselves while they can
times have never been so good the
cicadas have no defenses and virtually
offer themselves to their attackers
the stream of insects is so relentless
that soon all the Predators are full to
the point of bursting
and still the cicadas come with the
Predators overwhelmed the survivors can
achieve their purpose after mating the
adults lay their eggs and then their job
is done in just a few days they will all
die and the forest will fall silent the
cicadas here will not be heard again for
another 17 years
[Music]
you